[PPV2] Deprecating the package as Birp is being deprecated. (#8304)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.postprocessing/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.6.0] - 2026-06-01

### Deprecated
- **The entire `com.unity.postprocessing` package is now deprecated and no longer actively developed.**
  - For URP and HDRP projects, migrate to the integrated Volume-based post-processing system.
  - For Built-in Render Pipeline projects, consider migrating to URP.

>   - See [Post-processing Overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/PostProcessingOverview.html) for migration guidance.

Author: ```suggestion
  - See [Post-processing Overview](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/urp/upgrading-from-birp.html) for migration guidance.
```
